Scenario 1: Dazed and Confused
Student: I’m feeling very overwhelmed by all of the material in this program. It seems like every time I learn something new, I forget how to do everything else from before that. Right now I can’t even seem to figure out how to submit the first project. It’s not supposed to be this hard, is it? What do I do?

Scenario 2: Mean Means
Student: I’m not sure how to do this. The question asks for the mean of the following numbers: 4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42. How do I get the mean? How is that different from the average?

Scenario 3: Mindset Reset
You witness the following conversation between two students:

Student A: I’m trying to teach my friend how to code, but I’m not sure I know what I’m doing. I’ve never really taught before! I think the most difficult thing so far has been not knowing what to do if I don’t know the answer to a question my friend asks. Should I take my best guess? Should I look it up with her? How do other people who have taught or mentored handled moments like this?

Student B: Just my two cents, but if your friend has questions you don’t know the answer to, are you sure you should be mentoring? I guess I’ve never run into that situation when I’ve taught because I’ve been a developer for so long and have worked on so many hard projects.

Scenario 4: Travel Tips
You witness the following conversation between two students:

Student A: My family is headed on a trip to New Zealand in a few months, and we need some tips for where to go and what to do! We have two weeks and really love being out in nature and having interesting cultural experiences. Which cities should we visit, and where should we hike?

Student B: Queenstown, the capital city, is very much worth a visit! The waterfront area gives you some beautiful views of the ocean, and the food is excellent! The national museum called Te Papa is also there and super interesting. You can learn all kinds of things about New Zealand’s geography, animal and plant life, and history!

HINT: What is the capital of New Zealand? Take 2 minutes to research the place is Student B is referring to and then craft your response to best help Student A plan his or her trip.

Scenario 5: It's just too much
Student: This is all so frustrating! I don’t think I can figure any of this out. I’ve gone over and over the videos in this course, but I’m just not getting it. Every time I sit down to work on the project, I just can’t seem to remember what to do next. I guess I’m just not cut out for engineering.

Scenario 6: Unsupportive Support
Student: Every time I ask for help at Udacity, mentors just confuse me and won’t give me the answers I need. If I can’t figure something out, tell me the solution! What is wrong with you people?

Scenario 7: Margot's Strawberries
A student reaches out to you for help on the following problem:

Margot loves strawberries and wants to buy as many as she can with the $8 she has in her pocket. If a pound of strawberries costs $6 and there are 18 strawberries in a pound, how many strawberries can she buy total? Hint: She can’t buy part of a strawberry :)

So that you don't have to solve the problem yourself, we've provided you with the math that would be required to find the number of strawberries Margot can buy.

s = number of strawberries Margot buys
c = cost of one strawberry = cost of one pound of strawberries / number of strawberries per pound = 7/18
total cost = number of strawberries * cost of one strawberry
8 = c * s
8 = 7/18 * s
s = 144/7 = 20 4/7 = 20.57142857...

=> From this we see that Margot can buy 20 strawberries (we have to round down because she can't spend more than $8 and can't buy part of a strawberry!).

Below you'll find parts of your conversation with the student who is working on this problem. Your task is to help fill in some of the missing pieces at different stages of the conversation. Please submit your responses to the mentor prompt in each part.

Part 1:
Student: I am just staring at this word problem and have no idea how to start or what to do. I keep reading through it and glazing over and feeling lost. Help?

Mentor prompt #1: How would you help the student get started on this problem? Write your response to their latest message and/or a script of how you think the conversation would continue, and then tell us why you responded this way.

Part 2:
Student: Okay, so I’ve written down s = # strawberries, c = cost per strawberry in dollars, c = 7/18, and 8 = c * s. But now what?

Mentor prompt #2: How would you guide the student through the next stage of this problem? Write your response to their latest message and/or a script of how you think the conversation would continue, and then tell us why you responded this way.

Part 3:
Student: I have s = 144/7. Is that it?

Mentor prompt #3: How would you guide the student through the end of the interaction? Write your response to their latest message and/or a script of how you think the conversation would continue, and then tell us why you responded this way.
